[global]
alignment = left
always_run_script = true
class = Dunst
corner_radius = 5
ellipsize = middle
follow = mouse
font = "JetBrainsMono Nerd"
force_xinerama = false
force_xwayland = false
format = "<b>%s</b>\n%b"
frame_color = "#4A5057"
frame_width = 2
geometry = "400x5-20+50"
hide_duplicate_count = false
history_length = 20
horizontal_padding = 8
icon_path = 
icon_position = left
idle_threshold = 120
ignore_dbusclose = false
ignore_newline = no
indicate_hidden = yes
line_height = 0
markup = full
max_icon_size = 32
min_icon_size = 0
monitor = 0
mouse_left_click = do_action
mouse_middle_click = do_action
mouse_right_click = close_all
notification_height = 0
padding = 8
progress_bar = true
progress_bar_frame_width = 1
progress_bar_height = 10
progress_bar_max_width = 400
progress_bar_min_width = 150
separator_color = frame
separator_height = 2
show_age_threshold = 60
show_indicators = yes
shrink = no
sort = yes
stack_duplicates = true
startup_notification = false
sticky_history = yes
text_icon_padding = 0
title = Dunst
transparency = 5
verbosity = mesg
vertical_alignment = center
word_wrap = yes

[experimental]
per_monitor_dpi = false

[urgency_low]
background = "#11121D"
foreground = "#A0A8CD"
timeout = 10

[urgency_normal]
background = "#11121D"
foreground = "#A0A8CD"
timeout = 10

[urgency_critical]
background = "#11121D"
foreground = "#EE6D85"
timeout = 30
